Will come back.
So we're going to start.
We're going to slowly start talking about these files here that you see in the treeview.
We'll see what they are for.
What do you do.
What is their purpose and what is the code within them.
A lot of these files we will not use and for a very good reason.
One of the prime examples of the fire of of a file that we are not going to use is the docker file.
Why.
Well because we don't really need to create containers if you know what doctor is great for you.
If not feel free to look it up on the net.
It's a very interesting new technology.
But in any case we do not need to create actually docker files here at all.
Doctors are like containers where you can contain a single application on your system but that's not
the subject of today.
Anyway as I said a lot of these files we won't be looking at because they don't really make sense for
us now.
Logical sense that is one of the files that doesn't make sense is package D'Argenton should be around
here somewhere.
Yep there we go.
And this is the file that we are going to take a look at and that we're going to explain.
So first of all you have let me just do this so that you can see it a little bit better.
There you go.
So over here you have packaged Our Jason and this is the NPM and no package manager file.
This file contains the meta data about our project.
Here you can find project name or name version and probably the most important thing of it all dependencies.
You can also find dev dependencies that are all that are needed for the development of the project.
Anyway the dependencies are down below.
You can see them here and up there a pop up above you can see our scripts.
So you have the start script.
Do you remember when we typed in NPM start.
Well this is what is being executed.
You have the DSC typescript compiler and you have this one it's Basken currently.
So what does it mean.
What does what does this line stand for.
Well the textbook compiler is started and then the you want to state that these two will be concurrent.
So you will have the typescript compiler again which will watch for any changes and will recompile for
those changes which will be taken by the light server and represented on the screen so to speak and
down below you also have again other script.
You could just as easily type in NPM doc or build.
But we don't really need that.
Now it is not important to us at all.
I'm just saying that these are the scripts which you can start with the node package manager or MP M
So you can open up the CMG as before as you can see I've already done some testing here.
Go ahead and clear the screen with the command C-L as going CD.
May just go ahead and do this sequence.
So we need to navigate over to the QuickStart and mine is on the desktop.
So I'm just going to go ahead and navigate over to the desktop and type in QuickStart pastor and enter
and from here I will be able to invoke NPM.
You can see that older files are in fact there.
I sincerely hope that you two have actually downloaded this to a desktop or it doesn't matter if you
didn't you could have downloaded wherever you wanted it to be but as long as you can navigate in the
C M D to that folder to the QuickStart master folder anyway.
In order to basically install the dependencies all we need to do is type in n p m install and this will
actually install the dependencies needed.
If I press enter it will just going to take a while but it will happen.
There you go it's happening slowly one by one.
It's going OK.
There we go.
It's done so no big deal.
I mean it is a virtual machine.
It is a little bit slower and I have done this like 100 times prior to this because I had some sound
issues.
So if you or if your output is a bit different.
No big deal as long as you don't get any errors.
So just type in NPM install to install the dependencies.
Also we can see the properties of the scripts.
These are scripts that we call with NPM.
We are basically the start.
You do actually invoke the start with NPM you type in NPM start and this will actually start the script
start to commence embedded in there.
So look let me just show you what I mean by it NPM start press enter.
And there you go.
It says TSC and concurrently and then you have the A C dash W and local server.
It's actually loading but you have the same things written out here as you can see DSC you can currently
TSC the W little server so you can see it all there.
What is going to happen.
So you can look at the properties of the scripts that you are invoking with the MPAA which is a very
useful you can know in advance what is going to happen.
OK so the next for the next file that we're going to play around with is the TS config dot Jason.
OK.
So we can leave all of this as it is no big deal.
Actually let's just not.
I mean we could but I'm just going to press control seats terminated because we don't actually need
it running now.
We will need it running later but no big deal there.
I'll just go back to the ID and look for the TS config.
Jason let me use my expert skills in file finding.
There we go.
Open it up and we will need to actually go ahead and alter this file a little bit in order to make it
suitable for our needs.
So the first thing that we will do is actually create a new folder sorry and that new folder will be
called the M P so t m p.
There we go.
So this is our new folder TMB.
And as you can see it is completely empty as I'm clicking on the air and nothing is popping it down
below.
So under compiler options here we need to go down to the bottom place a coma here.
Press enter and then open up the quote marks and add the following line.
So out dear go outside of the quotation marks colon.
And here we're going to type here.
We're just going to go ahead and open up the quotation marks and type in the m p slash app so when d
ts C typescript compiler compiles it will compile into t slash app folder so that the compiled files
wouldn't actually bother us elsewhere.
It will be very useful anyway.
The next thing that we need to do is go to System dot config dot.
J.S..
So let me just go ahead and find it should be.
There we go.
That was like hit and miss.
And here we are going to make some alterations as well so.
Under var map here will need to just make some make very few changes.
So where it says here and where it says we have Cloudmark app..
Quote Mark colon and then we're just going to have a single quote mark.
Again type in MP slash app
and
so when this begins looking for files from the app folder it needs to
I seem to have made an error here.
Such a wonderful error.
C'mon I need to delete all of this.
And OK so under var map all you need to do is type in the empy slash app.
But pretty much it.
You're basically stating when when it is looking for files from the app folder that it should look instead.
In DMP slash app that's quite literally it.
So now we're just going to go ahead and press control as the save.
And then we're going to go ahead and just save and control this save for all three files and then show
just take a look one more time.
It DMP is empty.
So now we shall go ahead and type in and p m s thart and press enter.
Wait for it.
Gates running the script.
Excellent you can see that the MP is being populated.
It's loading it's loading it's loading up on.
OK my first dangler to app and where it says appere you can see that the components have been placed
here.
Amongst other things and the DMP folder has indeed been populated without any problems.
OK so in the fall of tutorial we will continue explaining some of these other files before we actually
start coding.
I will bid you farewell here and I'll see you shortly in the follow up tutorial.